[](http://phet.colorado.edu/en/simulations/category/physics/motion)

---

[](http://phet.colorado.edu/simulations/index.php?cat=Motion)

---

[](http://www.emuhq.com/review/n64interfacereview.htm)

---

[](http://www.ezdiyelectricity.com/?page_id=597)

---

[](http://www.ezdiyelectricity.com/?page_id=597)

---

[](http://www.ezdiyelectricity.com/?page_id=597)

---

[](http://www.multiplayerstrategies.com/ms/index.cfm?page=index_main)

---

[](http://www.multiplayerstrategies.com/ms/index.cfm?page=login)

---

[](http://www.multiplayerstrategies.com/ms/index.cfm?page=login)

---

[](http://www.multiplayerstrategies.com/ms/index.cfm?page=login)

---

[](http://www.suprnova.org/)

---

[](http://www.warriorepic.com/index.aspx)

---

[](http://www.whoislike.it/)

---

[](http://www.whoislike.it/)

---

[](http://www.whoislike.it/)

---

[](http://www.zapperlab.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Microsoft-favicon.png) [
	Visual Studio: IDE and Code Editor for Software Developers and Teams](http://www.microsoft.com/express/)

Visual Studio dev tools & services make app development easy for any
developer, on any platform & language. Develop with our code editor or IDE
anywhere for free.



---

[
      Delta 9 THC For Sale | Buy Delta 9 Products Online | Delta 9 Gummies – Binoid
    ](https://www.binoidcbd.com/collections/delta-9-thc-products)

Buy Delta 9 THC gummies and other legal Delta 9 products for sale online. Shop
the best Delta 9 products here. Delta 9 THC is hemp-derived, and is completely
legal in many states. We ship these Delta 9 THC products in all 50 states!



---

[
      Oracle VM VirtualBox
    ](http://www.virtualbox.org/)

---

![Favicon](https://equalopportunity.tas.gov.au/__data/assets/file/0018/330651/eot.ico) [
Equal Opportunity Tasmania : Home](http://www.antidiscrimination.tas.gov.au/)

---

[
			The Guild		](http://www.watchtheguild.com/)

---

[
	State job banks | CareerOneStop
](http://www.ajb.dni.us/)

---

[
	Technology Industry IT Channel Training - (IT) Information Technology Events & Conferences | CompTIA
](https://www.comptia.org/events/training)

Use (IT) Information Technology industry events to connect with IT channel
professionals, learn about the latest channel trends, and exchange ideas with
peers.



---

[    Thank you! - My Vpro - Checkout](https://myvpro.com/9624289358/checkouts/5d9183cf6c4cbb9eb36efb8f2f469af8/thank_you)

---

["windows 8" app generator - Google Search](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22windows+8%22+app+generator&rlz=1C1ASUM_enUS493&oq=%22windows+8%22+app+generator&aqs=chrome.0.57j0l3j62l2.8027&sugexp=chrome,mod=14&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)

---

[// GODSAIDMANSAID.COM](http://www.godsaidmansaid.com/home.asp)

---

[// Pyramid Consulting Group - Excellence in Business and Technology Consulting](http://www.pyramid-group.com/)

Pyramid Consulting offers Business and Technology Consulting services.
Specializing in technology solutions.



---

[64-bit Audio and 64-bit Video - Start64!](http://www.start64.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=category&layout=blog&id=66&Itemid=146&limitstart=10)

64-bit Audio and 64-bit Video



---

[A free to play massively multiplayer online role playing game set in ancient orient world - Conquer Online - co.99.com](http://www.conqueronline.com/)

Conquer Online is a popular FREE to Play PvP Martial Arts MMORPG with 9 epic
classes! The impeccable Dragon Warrior facing the expeditious Ninja, waging
wars to bring light back to the dim world of Conquer! You can play as either
the Dragon Warrior or Ninja to experience the fight of century!



---

![Favicon](https://harborcityhemp.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/cropped-Untitled_Artwork-32x32.png) [ABOUT US - Harbor City Hemp](https://www.harborcityhemp.com/about/)

Harbor City Hemp was founded by two engineers that are passionate about
spreading the healing powers of hemp. Based out of Melbourne, FL, our mission
is to provide high quality and affordable hemp products to the local community
and customers across the United States.



---

[ADC Input Driver - DIFF to SE](http://www.ecircuitcenter.com/Circuits/adcin_diff_se/adcin_diff_se1.htm)

---

[About my freelance copywriting for SiteSell Inc and SBI! users](http://www.rensch.com/products/spamcheck.html)

Veteran freelance copywriter quickly grasps your product or service. From
strategy and concept to hangtag or spec sheet, savvy thinking that sells.
Broad consumer & business-to-business experience includes retail, Internet,
financial, technical, and industrial, in print advertising, sales promotion,
TV, radio, web, direct mail and other marketing communications.



---

[Acceleration Equations Formulas Calculator Acceleration Given Initial Final Velocity Time](http://www.ajdesigner.com/constantacceleration/cavelocitya.php)

Physics calculator to solve for acceleration given initial and final velocity
and time with constant acceleration



---

[Active Directory Management Tool | Active Roles](http://www.powershellcommunity.org/tabid/54/afv/topic/aff/15/aft/5538/Default.aspx)

Enhance Active Directory group management, user privilege delegation, and user
administration using our Active Directory management tool.



---

![Favicon](https://www.videocopilot.net/assets/both/images/chrome1.ico) [After Effects Basic Training](http://www.videocopilot.net/basic/#01)

Free After Effect Training Tutorials



---

[AllCare Health: Affordable Healthcare Plans & More in Southern Oregon](http://www.allcare.com/)

AllCare Health provides physician led healthcare coverage in Southern Oregon.
Serving Jackson County, Josephine County, Curry County, and southern Douglas
County. Learn more about our PACE Program or Medicare & Medicaid plans today.



---

[AllPro Adapter](http://www.obddiag.net/allpro.html)

---

[Alternative to Windows Search For Files + Duplicates Search](http://www.nirsoft.net/utils/search_my_files.html)

Alternative to the standard Search For Files And Folders module of Windows.
Duplicates search is also supported.



---

[Amazon.com](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B000204SWE/qid=1107575683/sr=1-1/ref=sr_1_1_etk-electronics/104-7812623-3330362?v=glance&s=electronics&n=172282)

---

[Amazon.com](https://www.amazon.com/CanaKit-Raspberry-Complete-Starter-Kit/dp/B01C6Q2GSY/ref=pd_sbs_504_1?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=YDKW1HT0PX0J6CBTPPXJ)

---

[App Iconpack (28 icons) | Arrioch](http://www.iconarchive.com/show/app-icons-by-arrioch.html)

App Iconpack by Arrioch (28 icons)



---

[Applet HTML Page](http://www-ihs.theoinf.tu-ilmenau.de/~sane/projekte/karnaugh/embed_karnaugh.html)

---

[Arduino Shield List](http://shieldlist.org/)





---

[Assessment Software for Candidates | Hirevue Hiring Platform](http://www.codeeval.com/dashboard/)

Hirevue's enterprise quality assessment software includes game-based,
interview-based, and coding assessments all from a single platform for faster
hiring.



---

[BUILD YOUR OWN RABBIT HUTCH OR CAGE ... orÂ  Build a Dog Kennel Complex, Dog House, a Whelping Box, Agility Equipment and WHERE TO GET SHOW TROLLEYS from Chinaroad Lowchens of Australia](http://lowchensaustralia.com/diy/rabbit.htm)

---

[BUILD YOUR OWN RABBIT HUTCH OR CAGE ... orÂ  Build a Dog Kennel Complex, Dog House, a Whelping Box, Agility Equipment and WHERE TO GET SHOW TROLLEYS from Chinaroad Lowchens of Australia](http://lowchensaustralia.com/diy/rabbit.htm)

---

[Basic Car Audio Electronics](http://www.bcae1.com/)

Car audio technical information with more than 125 individual pages, 50+
calculators and wav files. The covered topics range from basic electronics
theory to more advanced topics such as speaker impedance as it relates to
frequency, damping factor and signal to noise ratio.



---

[Being Human Actor's Commentary – Behind the Scenes with Sam, Sam and Meaghan](http://beinghuman.d20radio.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/8a3dcd_85a205613c5e4069b6d6cfc7033197fe%7Emv2.png/v1/fill/w_32%2Ch_32%2Clg_1%2Cusm_0.66_1.00_0.01/8a3dcd_85a205613c5e4069b6d6cfc7033197fe%7Emv2.png) [Bluetooth Hacky Sack | Smart Sack](http://www.iguanalabs.com/555kit.htm)

The Smart Sack includes a sensor that detects when the sack is kicked, held,
and hits the ground. It connects to the Smart Sack app using Bluetooth on
Apple or Android devices. As you play, your score is announced through the
app. When the ground is detected, or you hold it for too long, the scor



---

![Favicon](https://www.ssdrc.com/favicon.ico) [CAN A CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRY REALLY HELP YOUR DISABILITY CASE?](http://www.ssdrc.com/disabilityquestions4-66.html)

---

[CBS Shows - Popular Primetime, Daytime, Late Night & Classics](http://www.cbs.com/primetime/survivor8/tylenol/)

Watch full episodes and clips of Popular Primetime, Daytime, Late Night and
Classic shows on CBS.com. Talk with other fans, catch up with your favorite
shows and more.



---

![Favicon](https://cf.systemrequirementslab.com/www/favicon.ico) [Can You RUN It | Can I Run It | Can My PC Run It](http://www.systemrequirementslab.com/cyri)

What games will run on my computer? Test my computer for multiple game
requirements at one time.



---

![Favicon](https://s1.wp.com/i/favicon.ico) [CasualCollective Desktop Tower Defense Pro DTD Scenario Complete Walkthrough Guide | Ayumilove](http://ayumilove.wordpress.com/2009/06/18/casualcollective-desktop-tower-defense-pro-dtd-scenario-complete-walkthrough-guide/)

About DTD Desktop Tower Defense Pro Long time coming, but it’s finally here.
Desktop TD Pro welcomes you to unlock the 24 custom Scenarios, think up
devilish new modes in the Sandbox, race for your life in the Sprints and out
think others in the Multiplayer. New graphics to bring it up to date and…



---

[Categories
](http://www.soft14.com/software_program_000002.htm)

Soft 14 - freeware shareware download: good programs, software foroffice,
business, productivity, finance, video, audio, games, internet, multimedia and
design, ebook, web, software development, DVD, mp3, utilities, web, free,
news, MS Windows, home and education and hobby, catalog, store and archive,
desktop enhancements, screensaver. Free download links, reviews, top 20
downloads, over 200 categories. Purchase or free trial demo download. Full
search...



---

![Favicon](https://circuitbee.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Circuit-Bee-100x100.jpg) [Circuit Bee - Ready for the future.](http://www.circuitbee.com/)

Ready for the future.



---

[Circuit Simulator Applet](http://falstad.com/circuit/)

---

[Circuit diagrams search engine :: High-Voltage-Lab.com :: audio, radio, sensors, digital electronics...](http://www.high-voltage-lab.com/)

Online collection of circuit diagrams with built in search engine. DIY heaven!
Build your own electronic devices.



---

[Circuit diagrams search engine :: High-Voltage-Lab.com :: audio, radio, sensors, digital electronics...](http://www.high-voltage-lab.com/)

Online collection of circuit diagrams with built in search engine. DIY heaven!
Build your own electronic devices.



---

[Circuit diagrams search engine :: High-Voltage-Lab.com :: audio, radio, sensors, digital electronics...](http://www.high-voltage-lab.com/)

Online collection of circuit diagrams with built in search engine. DIY heaven!
Build your own electronic devices.



---

[Circuit diagrams search engine :: High-Voltage-Lab.com :: audio, radio, sensors, digital electronics...](http://www.high-voltage-lab.com/)

Online collection of circuit diagrams with built in search engine. DIY heaven!
Build your own electronic devices.



---

[Circuit diagrams search engine :: High-Voltage-Lab.com :: audio, radio, sensors, digital electronics...](http://www.high-voltage-lab.com/)

Online collection of circuit diagrams with built in search engine. DIY heaven!
Build your own electronic devices.



---

[Clear Session](https://taxes.hrblock.com/HRBlock/interview/LoadFrame.hrbx?tn=Interview&TargetATA=Interview&taxtype=OPS&HT=F)

---

[Clear Session](https://taxes.hrblock.com/HRBlock/interview/LoadFrame.hrbx?tn=Interview&TargetATA=Interview&taxtype=TCF&HT=F)

---

[Clear Session](https://taxes.hrblock.com/HRBlock/login/AfterLoggedOut.hrbx?ExitOption=COMEBACK&Login=RodgerE1&RU=YES&taxtype=TCD&ReturnUrl=http%3a%2f%2fwww.hrblock.com&PartnerId=3420&FV=F&HT=F)

---

[Colblindor – All about Color Blindness](http://www.colblindor.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://www.lightshowpi.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/cropped-Logo-Medium-100x100.png) [Configuring and Testing your Hardware – LightShow Pi](http://lightshowpi.org/configuring-and-testing-your-hardware/)

---

[Dark Detector | Electronics Forum (Circuits, Projects and Microcontrollers)](http://www.electro-tech-online.com/content/433-dark-detector.html)

The dark detector circuit shown here can be used to produce an audible alarm
when the light inside a room goes OFF. The circuit is build around timer IC...



---

[Delta 8 Shop - Brand Name Cannabinoids at Discount Prices](https://www.cbdmall.com/)

Find the hottest delta 8, CBD, delta 10 and more, available in vapes, oils,
gummies, and all of your favorites for huge savings at CBD Mall.



---

[Direct2Drive](http://www.direct2drive.com/fulfillment/productkey.aspx?pid=2375)

Direct2Drive is one of the original and longest running PC core game digital
distributor founded in 2004. Direct2Driveâs offering covers the most AAA
publishers of all digital distributors for direct to download and STEAM
platform keys. We here at Direct2Drive, will continue to build upon the
current foundation to deliver a better way to Discover, Discuss, and Purchase
games. It is our belief that the future of games is through digital
distribution and we will continue to give our consumers a better way to game.



---

[Dreslough.com - The Home of Dee Dreslough's Artwork and Novel!](http://www.dreslough.com/main/tutorials.htm)

---

[ECE 4760](http://courses.cit.cornell.edu/ee476/FinalProjects/s2009/ama64_maa66/ama64_maa66/index.html)

---

![Favicon](https://a.espncdn.com/favicon.ico) [ESPN - Serving Sports Fans. Anytime. Anywhere.](http://www.espn.com/)

Visit ESPN for live scores, highlights and sports news. Stream exclusive games
on ESPN+ and play fantasy sports.



---

[Electrician Continuing Education](http://www.electrician2.com/)

Continuing Education for electricians, National Electrical Code Calculators,
electrical continuing education, NEC Code Changes



---

![Favicon](http://www.next.gr/favicon.ico) [Electronic Circuits Schematics Projects :: Next.gr](http://www.next.gr/)

This page contain electronic circuits about This website is dedicated to all
electronic engineers and hobbyist who need to find fast the right circuit
accross the web. Next.gr provides an extensive categorized and crossed
referenced (daily updated) database with more than 80.000 electronic circuits,
schematics, diagrams, DIY projects, tutorials, datasheets and lots more. at
category Electronic Circuits Schematics ProjectsCircuits and Schematics at
Next.gr



---

![Favicon](http://www.next.gr/favicon.ico) [Electronic Circuits Schematics Projects :: Next.gr](http://www.next.gr/)

This page contain electronic circuits about This website is dedicated to all
electronic engineers and hobbyist who need to find fast the right circuit
accross the web. Next.gr provides an extensive categorized and crossed
referenced (daily updated) database with more than 80.000 electronic circuits,
schematics, diagrams, DIY projects, tutorials, datasheets and lots more. at
category Electronic Circuits Schematics ProjectsCircuits and Schematics at
Next.gr



---

[Electronic Equiptment - DIY LM317 power supply](http://www.ladyada.net/library/equipt/diypsupp.html)

---

[Electronic Projects | Electronics Forum (Circuits, Projects and Microcontrollers)](http://www.electro-tech-online.com/electronic-projects/)

A collection of small electronic circuits and projects you can build. Note:
New threads now go in the Articles section (click Home tab at top of page).



---

[Electronics 2000 - Hobby Electronics - Software, Calculators, Technical Data, Pin-outs, Beginners Guide, Forum, Links...](http://www.electronics2000.co.uk/)

Electronics 2000, for electronics hobbyists, engineers and students. Online
calculators, software downloads, technical data, beginners guide, pinouts,
forum, links and more



---

[Electronics 2000 - Hobby Electronics - Software, Calculators, Technical Data, Pin-outs, Beginners Guide, Forum, Links...](http://www.electronics2000.co.uk/)

Electronics 2000, for electronics hobbyists, engineers and students. Online
calculators, software downloads, technical data, beginners guide, pinouts,
forum, links and more



---

[Electronics Forum (Circuits, Projects and Microcontrollers)](http://www.electro-tech-online.com/)

An electronics forum to talk all about circuits and projects.



---

[Electronics Projects | Electronic Circuits](http://www.buildinggadgets.com/index_circuitlinks.htm)

Electronics projects and circuits in areas of remote control, sound, radio,
robots and more.



---

[Electronics Projects | Electronic Circuits](http://www.buildinggadgets.com/index_circuitlinks.htm)

Electronics projects and circuits in areas of remote control, sound, radio,
robots and more.



---

[Electronics Projects | Electronic Circuits](http://www.buildinggadgets.com/index_circuitlinks.htm)

Electronics projects and circuits in areas of remote control, sound, radio,
robots and more.



---

![Favicon](https://www.elementvape.com/media/favicon/default/Element_Vape_Favicon_32x32_3_.ico) [Element Vape - Online Vape Shop - Vape Mods, Kits & E-Liquid](https://www.elementvape.com/)

Shop incredible deals at Element Vape, a progressive online retail
establishment serving the vaping community with mod kits, pod systems, and
premium eJuice.



---

![Favicon](https://cdn.elsevier.io/matrix/includes/favicons/favicon.ico) [Elsevier | An Information Analytics Business](http://www.scirus.com/?b)

As a global leader in information and analytics, Elsevier helps researchers
and healthcare professionals advance science and improve health outcomes



---

[Empire Earth Heaven Forums](http://ee.heavengames.com/cgi-bin/forums/Ultimate.cgi)

---

![Favicon](https://static.xx.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/yD/r/d4ZIVX-5C-b.ico) [EpicFail.com](http://www.epicfail.com/)

EpicFail.com, New York, New York. 1,836,039 likes · 1,410 talking about this.
Welcome to EPIC FAIL. Your classic source for the funniest epic fail and...



---

![Favicon](https://static.xx.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/yD/r/d4ZIVX-5C-b.ico) [EpicFail.com](http://www.epicfail.com/)

EpicFail.com, New York, New York. 1,836,039 likes · 1,410 talking about this.
Welcome to EPIC FAIL. Your classic source for the funniest epic fail and...



---

![Favicon](https://static.xx.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/yD/r/d4ZIVX-5C-b.ico) [EpicFail.com](http://www.epicfail.com/)

EpicFail.com, New York, New York. 1,836,039 likes · 1,410 talking about this.
Welcome to EPIC FAIL. Your classic source for the funniest epic fail and...



---

[FREE Electrostatic Capacitance Conversion Table](http://www.unitconversion.org/unit_converter/electrostatic-capacitance-ex.html)

perform batch conversions between Electrostatic Capacitance units



---

[Father-Daughter Wedding Dance Songs | POPSUGAR Entertainment](http://www.buzzsugar.com/Father-Daughter-Wedding-Dance-Songs-22689117)

From Paul Simon's "Father and Daughter" to Natalie and Nat King Cole's
"Unforgettable," these options are perfect for the special



---

![Favicon](https://cache-05.filehippo.net/images/34fb4-1ad51.ico) [FileHippo.com - Download Free Software](http://www.filehippo.com/)

Looking to download safe free versions of the latest software, freeware,
shareware and demo programs from a reputable download site? Visit FileHippo
today.



---

![Favicon](https://files32.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/cropped-folder-32x32.png) [Files32.com - Kiến thức công nghệ tổng hợp](http://www.files32.com/)

Kiến thức công nghệ tổng hợp



---

[Find ZIP Codes Inside a Radius](https://www.freemaptools.com/find-zip-codes-inside-radius.htm)

Specify a point and a radius to search within and return all the ZIP codes
found inside that radius.



---

![Favicon](https://combo.staticflickr.com/pw/favicon.ico) [Find your inspiration. | Flickr](http://www.flickr.com/)

---

[Foreigner sets 2018 'Juke Box Heroes' tour dates with Whitesnake - The San Diego Union-Tribune](http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/entertainment/music/sd-me-music-foreigner-whitesnake-20171204-story.html)

Foreigner and Whitesnake, whose respective debut albums came out in 1977 and
1978, will tour the U.S. together in 2018. Here are all the dates.



---

[Forge Hemp Company – Purveyors of Fine Hemp Products](https://forgehemp.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://cf.mhcache.com/favicon.ico?v=3) [Free Family Tree, Genealogy, Family History, and DNA Testing](http://www.myheritage.com/FP/Company/tryFaceRecognition.php?s=1&u=g0&lang=EN)

Create your family tree. Take a MyHeritage DNA test for ancestry and genetic
testing. Access 19.4 billion historical records for genealogy research.



---

![Favicon](https://cf.mhcache.com/favicon.ico?v=3) [Free Family Tree, Genealogy, Family History, and DNA Testing](http://www.myheritage.com/FP/Company/tryFaceRecognition.php?s=1&u=g0&lang=EN)

Create your family tree. Take a MyHeritage DNA test for ancestry and genetic
testing. Access 19.4 billion historical records for genealogy research.



---

[Free File Downloads and Software Reviews | FileForum](http://fileforum.betanews.com/)

---

[Free File Downloads and Software Reviews | FileForum](http://fileforum.betanews.com/)

---

[Free File Downloads and Software Reviews | FileForum](http://fileforum.betanews.com/)

---

[Free File Downloads and Software Reviews | FileForum](http://fileforum.betanews.com/)

---

[Freesound - Freesound](http://www.freesound.org/)

Freesound: collaborative database of creative-commons licensed sound for
musicians and sound lovers. Have you freed your sound today?



---

[Freeware categories at SnapFiles - thousands of quality free apps, rated and reviewed](http://www.snapfiles.com/freeware/freeware.html)

Freeware categories at SnapFiles - thousands of quality free apps, rated and
reviewed



---

![Favicon](https://www.grc.com/_bczqc4lv3ljsh_/favicon.ico) [GRC | ShieldsUP! — Internet Vulnerability Profiling  ](https://www.grc.com/x/ne.dll?bh0bkyd2)

GRC Internet Security Detection System



---

[GameTDB - games database](http://www.wiitdb.com/)

Nintendo Wii games database, with information and artwork in all languages,
including Japanese, Korean and Chinese.



---

[GetJar - Download Free Apps, Games and Themes APK](http://www.getjar.com/software/)

GetJar is the biggest open appstore in the world, currently listing 992698+
apps with more than 3M downloads per day.



---

[Google](http://www.google.com/)

---

[Google](http://www.google.com/ig)

---

![Favicon](https://music.youtube.com/favicon.ico) [Google Play Music is no longer available](http://songza.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://music.youtube.com/favicon.ico) [Google Play Music is no longer available](http://songza.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://music.youtube.com/favicon.ico) [Google Play Music is no longer available](http://songza.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://music.youtube.com/favicon.ico) [Google Play Music is no longer available](http://songza.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://music.youtube.com/favicon.ico) [Google Play Music is no longer available](http://songza.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://music.youtube.com/favicon.ico) [Google Play Music is no longer available](https://play.google.com/music/listen?hl=en&u=rodgere1@gmail.com#start)

---

[HP Small & Medium Business - Refurbished Business Products ](http://www.hp.com/sbso/mbiz/bizkeys/index.html?jumpid=bizkeys28)

---

![Favicon](https://ovguide.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/cropped-OVGuide_v1_small-32x32.png) [Home - OVGuide](http://www.ovguide.com/ovguidetopfavorites.html)

---

![Favicon](https://ovguide.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/cropped-OVGuide_v1_small-32x32.png) [Home - OVGuide](http://www.ovguide.com/ovguidetopfavorites.html)

---

![Favicon](https://ovguide.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/cropped-OVGuide_v1_small-32x32.png) [Home - OVGuide](http://www.ovguide.com/ovguidetopfavorites.html)

---

![Favicon](https://ovguide.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/cropped-OVGuide_v1_small-32x32.png) [Home - OVGuide](http://www.ovguide.com/visits-week.html)

---

![Favicon](https://ovguide.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/cropped-OVGuide_v1_small-32x32.png) [Home - OVGuide](http://www.ovguide.com/visits-week.html)

---

[Honda Civic Forum - ClubCivic.com - ClubCivic.com](http://www.clubcivic.com/)





---

[How To Clean Anything - A Resource of Helpful Cleaning Tips](http://www.howtocleananything.com/)

A Resource of Helpful Cleaning Tips



---

[How To Set Up Port Forwarding - Port Forward](http://www.portforward.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://static.howchoo.com/favicon-32x32.png?v=347546da7ae0d81b64a8a4b3a917f9c1) [How to Add a Power Button to Your Raspberry Pi - Howchoo](https://howchoo.com/g/mwnlytk3zmm/how-to-add-a-power-button-to-your-raspberry-pi)

This guide will show you how to add a power button or switch to your Raspberry
Pi that can turn your Pi on or off.



---

[How to set up a Raspberry Pi Plex server - The Pi](https://thepi.io/how-to-set-up-a-raspberry-pi-plex-server/)

---

![Favicon](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/imdb/images-ANDW73HA/favicon_desktop_32x32._CB1582158068_.png) [IMDb: Ratings, Reviews, and Where to Watch the Best Movies & TV Shows](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118421/board/threads/)

IMDb is the world's most popular and authoritative source for movie, TV and
celebrity content. Find ratings and reviews for the newest movie and TV shows.
Get personalized recommendations, and learn where to watch across hundreds of
streaming providers.



---

![Favicon](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/imdb/images-ANDW73HA/favicon_desktop_32x32._CB1582158068_.png) [IMDb: Ratings, Reviews, and Where to Watch the Best Movies & TV Shows](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118421/board/threads/)

IMDb is the world's most popular and authoritative source for movie, TV and
celebrity content. Find ratings and reviews for the newest movie and TV shows.
Get personalized recommendations, and learn where to watch across hundreds of
streaming providers.



---

[ITSWeb Home - UVA ITS](http://www.itc.virginia.edu/desktop/pc/winxp/netconfig.html)

Homepage for UVA's central IT services offered by Information Technology
Services (ITS)



---

[Internet Archive: Digital Library of Free & Borrowable Books, Movies, Music & Wayback Machine](http://www.archive.org/)

---

[IsoHeaven.com is for sale | HugeDomains](http://www.isoheaven.com/)

Own this domain today. We make your shopping experience easy. Friendly and
quick customer service.



---

[JCXP.net (Powered by Invision Power Board)](http://www.jcxp.net/forums/index.php?s=c6e0f66c37c20814309436d1b368a27d&showforum=77)

---

[JibJab](http://www.jibjab.com/)

---

[JibJab](http://www.jibjab.com/)

---

[JibJab](http://www.jibjab.com/)

---

[Job Opportunities | City of Savannah Employment Opportunities](https://www.governmentjobs.com/careers/savannah)

---

[Jobs starting with D](http://www.jobvertise.com/jobs/indexD1.html)

Jobvertise Jobs starting with D



---

[KIXEYE.com](http://www.casualcollective.com/)

KIXEYE - A leading gaming developer making games for gamers by gamers. Hit
titles include Battle Pirates, War Commander and VEGA Conflict.



---

[Kongregate: Play free games online](http://www.kongregate.com/games/preecep/desktop-tower-defense-1-5)

Play thousands of free web and mobile games! Discover the best shooters, role
playing games, MMO, CCG, tower defense, action games and more!



---

[LED Torch](http://www.talkingelectronics.com/projects/LEDTorchCircuits/LEDTorchCircuits-P1.html)

---

[LabelGear.com | CD Labels | CD-Rs & DVD-Rs | CD/DVD Labelling Software | DVD/Jewel Cases | Inkjet CD Printers and Ink Cartridges | CD Organizers | Printable T-Shirt Iron-Ons | Photo Glossy Inkjet Paper | Printable Magnets | Business Card CDs | Mini CDs](http://www.labelgear.com/LG/)

Looking for dvd case covers, cd labels, cd jewel cases, label cd covers, cd
cases, dvd covers or cd business cards? Or maybe mini cd labels, sure thing cd
labeler, cd label creator, jewel cases, cd label makers, jewel case inserts,
business card cds, mini cdrs, inkjet paper and ink cartridges? LabelGear.com -
the internet's label and media superstore.



---

[Login](https://secure.ucci.com/tuctmi/secure/MemberListing.jsp)

---

[Loris Services Inc.](http://www.filenexus.com/index.php)

---

[Loris Services Inc.](http://www.filenexus.com/index.php)

---

![Favicon](https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/lostpedia/images/4/4a/Site-favicon.ico/revision/latest?cb=20210531200409) [Lostpedia | Fandom](http://lostpedia.wikia.com/wiki/Main_Page)

Lostpedia is a Lost-related wiki with over 6,000 articles, 25,000 registered
users, and 150 million page views. It was launched on September 22, 2005, one
day after the Season 2 premiere "Man of Science, Man of Faith" aired. Kevin
Croy was the owner of the site, until the site merged with Wikia on December
17, 2008.



---

![Favicon](https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/lostpedia/images/4/4a/Site-favicon.ico/revision/latest?cb=20210531200409) [Lostpedia | Fandom](http://www.lostpedia.com/wiki/Main_Page)

Lostpedia is a Lost-related wiki with over 6,000 articles, 25,000 registered
users, and 150 million page views. It was launched on September 22, 2005, one
day after the Season 2 premiere "Man of Science, Man of Faith" aired. Kevin
Croy was the owner of the site, until the site merged with Wikia on December
17, 2008.



---

![Favicon](https://ly.lygo.net/static/lycos/img/favicon.ico) [Lycos.com](http://fun7.gamesville.lycos.com/cgi-bin/homePage?cat=freePrizeCategory)

Lycos, Inc., is a web search engine and web portal established in 1994, spun
out of Carnegie Mellon University. Lycos also encompasses a network of email,
webhosting, social networking, and entertainment websites.



---

[Lydia Dawn](http://lydiae.20m.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://www.mash4077tv.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/cropped-logo-new-2018-site-icon-1-32x32.png) [M*A*S*H References on Television - MASH4077TV.com](http://www.mash4077tv.com/mish/references/)

---

![Favicon](https://www.circuitbasics.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/cropped-Circuit-Basics-Image-32x32.png) [Make an Arduino Temperature Sensor (Thermistor Tutorial)](http://www.circuitbasics.com/arduino-thermistor-temperature-sensor-tutorial/)

Learn how to use an analog thermistor to measure temperature on the Arduino.
Output readings to an LCD or the serial monitor in Celsius or Fahrenheit.



---

![Favicon](http://www.malektips.com/favicon.ico) [MalekTips](http://malektips.com/)

---

[Maximum BS](http://forums.delphiforums.com/MaximumBS2001/messages)

---

[Minimally Invasive Neurosurgery , Minimally Invasive Spine and Brain Surgery, Endoscopic Spine and Brain Surgery ](http://drjho.com/jho_institute.htm)

Dr. Jho, professor of neurosurgery, has been devoting his professional career
in developing minimally invasive brain and spine surgery such as disc-
preserving functional spine surgery and minimally invasive brain surgery.



---

![Favicon](https://browserstack.wpenginepowered.com/wp-content/themes/browserstack/img/favicons/favicon.ico) [Most Reliable App & Cross Browser Testing Platform | BrowserStack](http://www.quarkbase.com/)

Instant access to 3000+ browsers and real iOS and Android devices for cross
browser testing. Ship apps and websites that work for everyone, every time.
Get Free Trial.



---

![Favicon](https://browserstack.wpenginepowered.com/wp-content/themes/browserstack/img/favicons/favicon.ico) [Most Reliable App & Cross Browser Testing Platform | BrowserStack](http://www.quarkbase.com/)

Instant access to 3000+ browsers and real iOS and Android devices for cross
browser testing. Ship apps and websites that work for everyone, every time.
Get Free Trial.



---

![Favicon](https://www.motox.info/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/cropped-Motox-32x32.png) [Motox](http://www.motox.info/)

---

![Favicon](http://multitrackdownloads.blogspot.com/favicon.ico) [Multitrack songs for download :D](http://multitrackdownloads.blogspot.com/)





---

[Muscular Bio-Stimulator (2nd Version) - RED - Page124](http://www.redcircuits.com/Page124.htm)

---

[NPN Common Emitter Amplifiers](http://230nsc1.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/electronic/npnce.html#c2)

---

[NUC Guru - Build Your Own NUC - The NUC Blog](http://nucblog.net/build-your-own-nuc/)

---

[NameBright - Coming Soon](http://www.cdrsoft.net/index2.html)

---

![Favicon](https://img.wonderhowto.com/images/favicons/wonderhowto/favicon-194x194.png) [New Posts « WonderHowTo](http://www.wonderhowto.com/how-to-video-categories/)

Wonder How To is your guide to free how to videos on the Web. Search, Browse
and Discover the best how to videos across the web using the largest how to
video index on the web. Watch the best online video instructions, tutorials, &
How-Tos for free. Have your own how to videos? Submit them to share with the
world.



---

![Favicon](https://ninite.com/static/favicon-50c60524c110e749f013a1ca48f80b80.png) [Ninite - Install or Update Multiple Apps at Once](http://ninite.com/)

The easiest, fastest way to update or install software. Ninite downloads and
installs programs automatically in the background.



---

[NirSoft - freeware utilities: password recovery, system utilities, desktop utilities](http://www.nirsoft.net/)

Unique collection of freeware desktop utilities, system utilities, password
recovery tools, and more



---

[OnLive](http://www.onlive.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://p.sfx.ms/images/favicon.ico) [OneDrive](https://onedrive.live.com/?authkey=rO7Z8vAG%2Aso%24&id=872A13A1DEE88176%21105&cid=872A13A1DEE88176)

---

[Online Laser Cutting Materials - Used By Apple - FREE Sample](http://www.ponoko.com/make-and-sell/materials/ponoko-united-states?category=Breakout+Boards)

200+ online laser cutting materials - Free instant proofs, quotes & ordering -
Make just 1 or 10,000 - Delivered as fast as tomorrow - Free shipping



---

[Online Photo Editor | piZap | Free Photo Editor & Collage Maker](http://www.pizap.com/)

piZap Photo Editor is fun and easy to learn online photo editor & collage
maker. Tons of effects, fonts, stickers, collage layouts, borders, frames, and
editing tools.



---

[PBRTV.com – Pittsburgh Radio & Television Online](http://www.pbrtv.com/)

---

[Pho.to](http://pho.to/)

---

[Physics Equations Formulas Calculator](http://www.ajdesigner.com/index_physics.php)

Physics calculators for solving engineering equations and science formulas



---

[Physics Games - online physics-based games](http://www.physicsgames.net/)

A collection of physics-based games that can be played online and embedded
into your blog or website.



---

[PhysicsLessons.com - Q-Physics](http://www.physicslessons.com/qphysics.htm)

Q-Physics is an online collection of Physics and Physical Science questions
that probe conceptualbeliefs. They present images of physical situations that
can be used for small group or class discussions. They can also be used on
quizzes or tests.



---

[Pittsburgh Area Office | U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission](http://www.eeoc.gov/field/pittsburgh/index.cfm)

---

[Popcornflix](http://www.popcornflix.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://cdn11.bigcommerce.com/s-5su7s5q6od/product_images/favicon.jpg?t=1579301974) [Portable Radios for Sale | AM/FM Radios & Antennas | C. Crane](http://www.ccrane.com/)

C. Crane is a US-based radio store offering the most powerful long-range AM/FM
radios, emergency radios, Wi-Fi antennas, and Internet repeater systems. Shop
now.



---

[Potter Quotes](http://4077th_mash_1.tripod.com/potter_quotes.htm)

---

[Potter Quotes](http://4077th_mash_1.tripod.com/potter_quotes.htm)

---

[Power in AC Circuits](http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/electric/powerac.html)

---

[Pragmatic Slot Free, Pragmatic Play: Free Slot Online Games Pragmaticc Games Terpercaya - Situs JUDI merupakan situs judi Pragmatic Slot Free, Pragmatic Play: Free Slot Online Games Pragmaticc Games Terpercaya tahun 2023.](http://www.human-age.com/index.php)

Situs JUDI merupakan situs judi Pragmatic Slot Free, Pragmatic Play: Free Slot
Online Games Pragmaticc Games Terpercaya tahun 2023.



---

[Premium Delta 8 CBD Shop Derived From Hemp](https://www.diamondcbd.com/?utm_source=RevOffers&utm_campaign=affiliate&utm_medium=performance&offer_id=176&publisher_id=5218&transaction_id=10202a8314d28bb1ea78d7d4ae2bfe)

Buy CBD, Delta-8 THC, THCO, and more from Diamond. Top-quality hemp products
on sale now including vape carts, edibles, gummies and the best Delta-8
products.



---

[Printable Paper](http://www.printablepaper.net/)

Free Printable Paper in PDF format



---

[Pronine Electronics Design - Parallel Resistor Calculator](http://www.pronine.ca/parres.htm)

Electronics Engineering Company specializing in analog, audio, video, RF,
digital circuit and printed circuit board (PCB) design.



---

[Puritan's Pride A to Z](http://www.puritan.com/pages/addprod.asp)

Shop vitamins and supplements to support your health with high-quality
vitamins at an affordable price. Puritan's Pride is your online vitamin store
to stock up and save today.



---

[Raspberry Pi - RetroPie Docs](https://retropie.org.uk/docs/Manual-Installation/)

RetroPie Project Documentation



---

[Redbox Codes - Inside Redbox](http://www.insideredbox.com/redbox-codes/)

Redbox Codes are the way to get free DVD rentals from Redbox. Redbox and their
partners create these codes to get more people into their stores and use their
services. You simply need to enter the coupon code from the main screen or
just before checkout at your local Redbox kiosk. When you do, you



---

[Redbox Codes - Inside Redbox](http://www.insideredbox.com/redbox-codes/)

Redbox Codes are the way to get free DVD rentals from Redbox. Redbox and their
partners create these codes to get more people into their stores and use their
services. You simply need to enter the coupon code from the main screen or
just before checkout at your local Redbox kiosk. When you do, you



---

![Favicon](https://assets.cdn.ifixit.com/static/icons/ifixit/favicon-32x32.png) [Repair Manuals for Every Thing - iFixit](http://www.ifixit.com/Guide)

Thousands of repair manuals, tutorials, and how-to guides for DIY fixes. From
electronics to cars, learn how to repair your own stuff and save yourself some
money.



---

[SHELL EXTENSION CITY, millions of free Windows power tools, explorer enhancements, windows add-ons, tweaks, system utilities, freeware, IE7](http://shellcity.net/)

shell extensions, free Windows power tools, explorer enhancements, windows
add-ons, tweaks, system utilities, context menu, right click, freeware,
internet explorer, shell, extension



---

![Favicon](https://www.elementvape.com/media/favicon/default/Element_Vape_Favicon_32x32_3_.ico) [SIGN IN OR CREATE ACCOUNT](https://www.elementvape.com/sales/order/view/order_id/55087/)

Element Vape is a progressive online retail establishment serving the vaping
and e-cigarette community with vape mods, pod systems, starter kits, and
premium vape eJuice.



---

[Savannah Jobs | Jobs in Savannah Georgia | Savannah Georgia Hiring](https://www.savannahjobs.com/)

Savannah Jobs located in Savannah GA is a job search board and great resource
for Savannah Georgia employment and jobs.



---

![Favicon](https://dailycbd.com/en/wp-content/themes/dailycbd/dist/images/favicon.ico?ver=1602966849) [Scam Delta 8 Companies To Avoid (Updated for 2023)](https://dailycbd.com/en/delta-8-thc-scams/)

There are a lot of scammy or low-quality brands in the delta 8 THC space to
watch out for. Here's a comprehensive list of what to avoid.



---

[Science Toys | Science Toys](http://www.scitoys.com/)

---

[Shop Tvs By Brand Shop | High Quality Mobile Hotspots & Signal Boosters | Buy Shop Phones By Brand | learnelectronics.co.uk](http://www.learnelectronics.co.uk/le_home.htm)

Buy cheap Shop Phones By Brand,Drone Cases,Phone Stickers,Headphones
Accessories,Mobile Hotspots & Signal Boosters,Shop Tvs By Brand,Sound
Bars,Electronics & Computers,| Free Home Delivery. Item Ships From Warehouse
near you.



---

[Silly Shroomy Gummies Reishi, Lion's Mane, Cordyceps, and Chaga – Coastal Hemp Co](https://coastalhemp.co/products/psilly-gummies?_pos=1&_sid=5f3da6535&_ss=r)

Silly Psychedelic Shroom Gummies? Pineapple-flavored gummies with a special
shroom blend, including Reishi, Lion's Mane, Cordyceps, and Chaga. Pop one and
feel the weight of the world melt off your shoulders.



---

[Site is undergoing maintenance](http://www.fucktheinter.net/)

Sticking It To The Man!



---

[Site is undergoing maintenance](http://www.fucktheinter.net/)

Sticking It To The Man!



---

[Site is undergoing maintenance](http://www.fucktheinter.net/index.php)

Sticking It To The Man!



---

[Site is undergoing maintenance](http://www.fucktheinter.net/index.php)

Sticking It To The Man!



---

[Sophie S Hanna, MD - Google Search](http://www.google.com/search?source=ig&hl=en&rlz=&q=Sophie+S+Hanna%2C+MD+&oq=Sophie+S+Hanna%2C+MD+&aq=f&aqi=&aql=&gs_sm=e&gs_upl=0l0l0l1799l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0ll0l0)

---

[SpamCop.net - Beware of cheap imitations](http://www.spamcop.net/)

Beware of cheap imitations! SpamCop has been protecting the internet community
since 1998. Automatically file spam reports with the network administrators
who can stop unsolicited email at the source. Subscribe, and filter your email
before it reaches your inbox.



---

[SparkFun Electronics](http://www.sparkfun.com/commerce/categories.php)

SparkFun is an online retail store that sells the bits and pieces to make your
electronics projects possible.



---

[SpeedGuide :: Broadband Tweaks, Wireless Networks, Security](http://www.speedguide.net/)

---

[TEKsystems. Let's own change, together.](https://www.teksystems.com/en)

We're in the business of building tomorrow. With the experience and expertise
to plan and execute even the most complex initiatives, we stand ready to work
side-by-side with you. To activate your vision. To reach your goals. To
transform your business.



---

[TEXT-IMAGE.com :: Convert](http://www.text-image.com/convert/)

Convert a picture into a text-image with HTML colours



---

[TEXT-IMAGE.com :: Convert](http://www.text-image.com/convert/)

Convert a picture into a text-image with HTML colours



---

![Favicon](https://dimohemp.wpenginepowered.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/cropped-dimo-favicon@2x-32x32.png) [THC-O vs. THC-P vs. THC-H vs. THC-B vs. THC-JD Compared](https://dimohemp.com/thc-o-vs-thc-p-vsthc-h-vs-thc-b/#:~:text=If%20you%20consume%20THC%2DP,your%20mood%20and%20aids%20relaxation.)

There are so many THC variants on the market, it's hard to keep up! Read here
to learn all about THC-O vs. THC-P vs. THC-H vs. THC-B vs. THC-JD.



---

![Favicon](https://assets.tvtropes.org/img/icons/favicon.ico) [TV Tropes](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/HomePage)

TV Tropes, the all-devouring pop-culture wiki, catalogs and cross-references
recurrent plot devices, archetypes, and tropes in all forms of media.



---

[Tech News, Reviews & Betas | Neowin](http://www.neowin.net/)

News, Reviews & Betas which includes large community peer support



---

[Test Page for the Apache HTTP Server & InterWorx-CP](http://www.x-tremegeek.com/)

---

[The Commport](http://forums.delphiforums.com/maxcommport/messages)

Delphi's top-ranked computer forum is now more user-friendly and better than
ever! We provide free support to first-time computer users as well as the
experts. Our members will find the cure to what ails your PC or help you with
purchasing and upgrading advice. We have folders for networking, security,
case modding, gaming & multimedia and every aspect of computing that you can
imagine! And when you're finished learning how to achieve optimal PC
performance, relax in our "Lifestyle Lounge" for off-topic discussions of the
day. Everyone is welcome!



---

![Favicon](http://hoaxes.org/favicon.ico) [The Museum of Hoaxes](http://www.museumofhoaxes.com/)

---

[The NeoSmart Files](http://neosmart.net/blog/feed/)

---

[The Top 100 downloads at SnapFiles](http://www.snapfiles.com/topdownloads/)

The Top 100 downloads at SnapFiles



---

[ThemeWorld.com - You Dream It, We Theme It!](http://www.themeworld.com/)

---

[This page has moved, redirecting you...](http://www.ladyada.net/resources/procurement.html)

---

[TimeLoopTheory.com](http://www.timelooptheory.com/)

Looking for the best telescopes and binoculars? Check out our reviews of the
top products on the market, plus tips on how to choose the right one for you.



---

[TimeLoopTheory.com](http://www.timelooptheory.com/)

Looking for the best telescopes and binoculars? Check out our reviews of the
top products on the market, plus tips on how to choose the right one for you.



---

[Trajectories](http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/Hbase/traj.html#tracon)

---

[TwistedMods](http://www.twistedmods.com/article.php?artid=184&page=1)

---

[Umbrella Enterprise Status Portal](http://system.opendns.com/)

---

[Umbrella Enterprise Status Portal](http://system.opendns.com/)

---

[Umbrella Enterprise Status Portal](http://system.opendns.com/)

---

[Umbrella Enterprise Status Portal](http://system.opendns.com/)

---

[Umbrella Enterprise Status Portal](http://system.opendns.com/)

---

[Umbrella Enterprise Status Portal](http://system.opendns.com/)

---

![Favicon](https://www.unexplained-mysteries.com/favicon.ico) [Unexplained Mysteries - Paranormal News and Discussion](http://www.unexplained-mysteries.com/)

Daily coverage of UFOs, paranormal phenomena, ancient mysteries, metaphysics,
cryptozoology, philosophy, science and space exploration.



---

![Favicon](https://www.unexplained-mysteries.com/favicon.ico) [Unexplained Mysteries - Paranormal News and Discussion](http://www.unexplained-mysteries.com/)

Daily coverage of UFOs, paranormal phenomena, ancient mysteries, metaphysics,
cryptozoology, philosophy, science and space exploration.



---

![Favicon](https://www.unexplained-mysteries.com/favicon.ico) [Unexplained Mysteries - Paranormal News and Discussion](http://www.unexplained-mysteries.com/)

Daily coverage of UFOs, paranormal phenomena, ancient mysteries, metaphysics,
cryptozoology, philosophy, science and space exploration.



---

![Favicon](http://vanguardmaps.blogspot.com/favicon.ico) [Vanguard Maps: Greater Tanvu Map](http://vanguardmaps.blogspot.com/2007/01/greater-tanvu-map.html)

---

[Vanguard: Saga of Heroes - PC | gamepressure.com](http://vanguard.gamepressure.com/maps.asp?id=125#section4)

Vanguard: Saga of Heroes is an MMOcRPG game developed by Sigil Games Online
and released by Daybreak Game Company.



---

[Vape Store Online | Log-into myvaporstore.com](https://www.myvaporstore.com/orders.asp)

---

[Variable DC Power Supply - RED - Page36](http://www.redcircuits.com/Page36.htm)

---

![Favicon](https://d2f7anuvnar8n5.cloudfront.net/p/assets/m/drawings/vector-magic-favicon-16_0ecdb1e703ec78d5817712c998c3584b.png) [Vector Magic: Convert JPG, PNG images to SVG, EPS, AI vectors](http://vectormagic.com/home)

Easily convert JPG, PNG, BMP, GIF bitmap images to SVG, EPS, PDF, AI, DXF
vector images with real full-color tracing, online or using the desktop app!



---

![Favicon](https://d2f7anuvnar8n5.cloudfront.net/p/assets/m/drawings/vector-magic-favicon-16_0ecdb1e703ec78d5817712c998c3584b.png) [Vector Magic: Convert JPG, PNG images to SVG, EPS, AI vectors](http://vectormagic.stanford.edu/)

Easily convert JPG, PNG, BMP, GIF bitmap images to SVG, EPS, PDF, AI, DXF
vector images with real full-color tracing, online or using the desktop app!



---

![Favicon](https://www.youtube.com/s/desktop/fa273944/img/favicon.ico) [Videojug - YouTube](http://www.videojug.com/film/how-to-do-a-wifi-antenna-hack)

Welcome to Videojug! Here you'll find the best how-to videos around, from
delicious, easy-to-follow recipes to beauty and fashion tips.



---

![Favicon](https://s.m.huffpost.com/assets/favicon-2020e123c064086aad150fe909c53771f862d7c76cd62f6146e81d533845fd7d.ico) [Videos | HuffPost](http://live.huffingtonpost.com/r/segment/jodi-arias-travis-alexander-murder-mesa-arizona/518009c678c90a647d0000fa)

The latest breaking news video and visual storytelling from HuffPost.



---

[Vmware - OSx86](http://wiki.osx86project.org/wiki/index.php/Vmware_how_to)

---

[Watch Free Documentaries Online | Documentary Heaven](http://documentaryheaven.com/)

DocumentaryHeaven is a site filled with thousands of free online documentaries
just waiting to be seen, so come on in and embrace the knowledge!



---

[Watch Free Documentaries Online | Documentary Heaven](http://documentaryheaven.com/)

DocumentaryHeaven is a site filled with thousands of free online documentaries
just waiting to be seen, so come on in and embrace the knowledge!



---

[Watch Free Documentaries Online | Documentary Heaven](http://documentaryheaven.com/)

DocumentaryHeaven is a site filled with thousands of free online documentaries
just waiting to be seen, so come on in and embrace the knowledge!



---

[Web Page Under Construction](http://www.sweethaven.com/sweethaven/ModElec/dcac/SunShine/)

NetworkSolutions.com - Original domain name registration and reservation
services with variety of internet-related business offerings. Quick,
dependable and reliable.



---

[Web Server's Default Page](http://tester.jonasjohn.de/)

---

![Favicon](https://rtl.berkeley.edu/profiles/openberkeley/themes/openberkeley_theme_brand/favicon.ico) [Webcast and Legacy Course Capture | Research, Teaching, and Learning](http://webcast.berkeley.edu/course_details.php?seriesid=1906978510)

---

![Favicon](https://rtl.berkeley.edu/profiles/openberkeley/themes/openberkeley_theme_brand/favicon.ico) [Webcast and Legacy Course Capture | Research, Teaching, and Learning](http://webcast.berkeley.edu/course_details.php?seriesid=1906978510)

---

![Favicon](https://rtl.berkeley.edu/profiles/openberkeley/themes/openberkeley_theme_brand/favicon.ico) [Webcast and Legacy Course Capture | Research, Teaching, and Learning](http://webcast.berkeley.edu/course_details.php?seriesid=1906978510)

---

![Favicon](https://rtl.berkeley.edu/profiles/openberkeley/themes/openberkeley_theme_brand/favicon.ico) [Webcast and Legacy Course Capture | Research, Teaching, and Learning](http://webcast.berkeley.edu/courses.php)

---

![Favicon](https://rtl.berkeley.edu/profiles/openberkeley/themes/openberkeley_theme_brand/favicon.ico) [Webcast and Legacy Course Capture | Research, Teaching, and Learning](http://webcast.berkeley.edu/courses.php)

---

![Favicon](https://rtl.berkeley.edu/profiles/openberkeley/themes/openberkeley_theme_brand/favicon.ico) [Webcast and Legacy Course Capture | Research, Teaching, and Learning](http://webcast.berkeley.edu/courses.php)

---

![Favicon](https://cdn.evilmadscientist.com/infra2/template/images/favicon.ico) [Weekend Projects with Bre Pettis: Make a Joule Thief | Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories](http://www.evilmadscientist.com/article.php/joulethief)

---

![Favicon](https://cdn.evilmadscientist.com/infra2/template/images/favicon.ico) [Weekend Projects with Bre Pettis: Make a Joule Thief | Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories](http://www.evilmadscientist.com/article.php/joulethief)

---

[Welzo | Online Pharmacy, Prescriptions & Health Checks](http://www.pdrhealth.com/drugs/rx/rx-mono.aspx?contentFileName=Cym1693.html&contentName=Cymbalta&contentId=154)

Welzo is an online pharmacy and private health check service offering
medication, prescriptions and blood tests.



---

![Favicon](https://s.ipaddress.com/favicon.ico) [What Is My IP Address? Free IP Lookup](http://www.ip-adress.com/)

What is my IP address? IP Lookup, IP Location, IP Tracker & IP Tracer. The
best IP address tools for free.



---

![Favicon](https://s.ipaddress.com/favicon.ico) [What Is My IP Address? Free IP Lookup](http://www.ip-adress.com/)

What is my IP address? IP Lookup, IP Location, IP Tracker & IP Tracer. The
best IP address tools for free.



---

[What is Visual Basic? Definition from WhatIs.com.](http://www.vbcode.com/asp/code.asp)

This definition defines Visual Basic (VB), a programming environment from
Microsoft that uses graphical user interfaces to choose and modify selected
objects written in the BASIC programming language. The characteristics and
features of VB are listed as well as its benefits, uses and history.



---

[When it drops | helping you keep track of the newest releases](http://whenitdrops.com/)

Helping you keep track of each week's newest movie, music, DVD, game and book
releases.



---

[Windows IP Freeware NetSetMan: Network Settings Manager (LAN & WiFi)](http://www.netsetman.com/)

Freeware to manage all your network settings with ease! NetSetMan offers what
you've been missing in Windows until now: A powerful, easy-to-use interface to
manage all your network settings at a glance.



---

[Windows IP Freeware NetSetMan: Network Settings Manager (LAN & WiFi)](http://www.netsetman.com/)

Freeware to manage all your network settings with ease! NetSetMan offers what
you've been missing in Windows until now: A powerful, easy-to-use interface to
manage all your network settings at a glance.



---

[Windows help & learning](http://www.microsoft.com/windowsxp/expertzone/)

Find help and how-to articles for Windows operating systems. Get support for
Windows and learn about installation, updates, privacy, security and more.



---

[Wolfram|Alpha: Examples by Topic](http://www.wolframalpha.com/examples/)

What can you ask Wolfram|Alpha about?



---

[Work at Home Jobs: Free legitimate Opportunities to work](http://www.workathomecareers.com/)

Complete resource providing free Work at home jobs online, careers, home
businesses, work from home articles and companies that hire workers. Avoid
scams now. Visit the only true home employment search engine on the internet
today recognized by various industries!



---

[Work at Home Jobs: Free legitimate Opportunities to work](http://www.workathomecareers.com/)

Complete resource providing free Work at home jobs online, careers, home
businesses, work from home articles and companies that hire workers. Avoid
scams now. Visit the only true home employment search engine on the internet
today recognized by various industries!



---

[Work at Home Jobs: Free legitimate Opportunities to work](http://www.workathomecareers.com/)

Complete resource providing free Work at home jobs online, careers, home
businesses, work from home articles and companies that hire workers. Avoid
scams now. Visit the only true home employment search engine on the internet
today recognized by various industries!



---

[YMEC software - Introduction to simple sound measurement using a notebook
computer](http://www.ymec.com/hp/signal2/index.htm)

Collection of the sound measurement examples by the highest quality system
DSSF3 and its popular edition RAL/RAD/RAE. You can see how to select the
measurement equipments, how to use the signal generator, the spectrum
analyzer, and the oscilloscope.



---

![Favicon](https://s.yimg.com/rz/l/favicon.ico) [Yahoo | Mail, Weather, Search, Politics, News, Finance, Sports & Videos](http://education.yahoo.com/reference/weights_and_measures/index?p=weight_and_mass)

Latest news coverage, email, free stock quotes, live scores and video are just
the beginning. Discover more every day at Yahoo!



---

![Favicon](https://s.yimg.com/rz/l/favicon.ico) [Yahoo | Mail, Weather, Search, Politics, News, Finance, Sports & Videos](http://www.yahoo.com/)

Latest news coverage, email, free stock quotes, live scores and video are just
the beginning. Discover more every day at Yahoo!



---

[You are being redirected...](https://liquidnicotinewholesalers.com/sales/order/history/)

---

![Favicon](https://www.youtube.com/s/desktop/bbdd2cc1/img/favicon.ico) [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/)

Enjoy the videos and music you love, upload original content, and share it all
with friends, family, and the world on YouTube.



---

[http://cachefly.oreilly.com/make/09/cracker_box_amp.pdf](http://cachefly.oreilly.com/make/09/cracker_box_amp.pdf)

---

[http://cachefly.oreilly.com/make/09/cracker_box_amp.pdf](http://cachefly.oreilly.com/make/09/cracker_box_amp.pdf)

---

[http://cachefly.oreilly.com/make/09/cracker_box_amp.pdf](http://cachefly.oreilly.com/make/09/cracker_box_amp.pdf)

---

[http://foundd.com/home](http://foundd.com/home)

---

[http://informationleak.net/](http://informationleak.net/)

---

[http://vaxd.org/](http://vaxd.org/)

---

[http://www.commlinx.com.au/schematics.htm](http://www.commlinx.com.au/schematics.htm)

---

[http://www.crazymeds.us/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/HomePage](http://www.crazymeds.us/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/HomePage)

---

[http://www.egydown.com/](http://www.egydown.com/)

---

[http://www.goldmine-elec-products.com/departments.asp?dept=1059](http://www.goldmine-elec-products.com/departments.asp?dept=1059)

---

[http://www.isohunt.com/](http://www.isohunt.com/)

---

[http://www.jdmcivic.com/forums/index.php](http://www.jdmcivic.com/forums/index.php)

---

[http://www.jdmcivic.com/forums/index.php](http://www.jdmcivic.com/forums/index.php)

---

[http://www.jdmcivic.com/forums/index.php](http://www.jdmcivic.com/forums/index.php)

---

[http://www.jdmcivic.com/forums/index.php](http://www.jdmcivic.com/forums/index.php)

---

[http://www.jdmcivic.com/forums/index.php](http://www.jdmcivic.com/forums/index.php)

---

[http://www.kbalertz.com/members/](http://www.kbalertz.com/members/)

---

[http://www.microsoft.com/isapi/redir.dll?prd=ie&pver=6&ar=IStart](http://www.microsoft.com/isapi/redir.dll?prd=ie&pver=6&ar=IStart)

---

[http://www.microsoft.com/isapi/redir.dll?prd=windows&sbp=mediaplayer&plcid=&pver=6.1&os=&over=&olcid=&clcid=&ar=Media&sba=RadioBar&o1=&o2=&o3=](http://www.microsoft.com/isapi/redir.dll?prd=windows&sbp=mediaplayer&plcid=&pver=6.1&os=&over=&olcid=&clcid=&ar=Media&sba=RadioBar&o1=&o2=&o3=)

---

[http://www.nocallsplease.com/](http://www.nocallsplease.com/)

---

[http://www.simpsonizeme.com/](http://www.simpsonizeme.com/)

---

[http://www.soundunwound.com/?ref=H](http://www.soundunwound.com/?ref=H)

---

[http://www.swaptree.com/#](http://www.swaptree.com/#)

---

[http://www.tek-tips.com/gthreadminder.cfm/lev2/4/lev3/27/pid/705](http://www.tek-tips.com/gthreadminder.cfm/lev2/4/lev3/27/pid/705)

---

[http://www.ti84.nl/productssimple6.html](http://www.ti84.nl/productssimple6.html)

---

[http://www.unitsconverter.net/](http://www.unitsconverter.net/)

---

[http://www.viewlyrics.com/user/MyUploadedLyrics.aspx](http://www.viewlyrics.com/user/MyUploadedLyrics.aspx)

---

[newest submissions : reddit.com](https://old.reddit.com/new/#res:ner-page=72)

Reddit gives you the best of the internet in one place. Get a constantly
updating feed of breaking news, fun stories, pics, memes, and videos just for
you. Passionate about something niche? Reddit has thousands of vibrant
communities with people that share your interests. Alternatively, find out
what’s trending across all of Reddit on r/popular. Reddit is also anonymous so
you can be yourself, with your Reddit profile and persona disconnected from
your real-world identity.



---

[newzBin :: The Ultimate in Usenet Indexing](http://www.newzbin.com/)

---

[pompharmacy.com](http://www.pompharmacy.com/)

---

[runoffgroove.com](http://www.runoffgroove.com/)

This is the Runoff Groove, featuring do-it-yourself guitar stompbox mp3 sound
clips and my notes on building one fuzz box after another. Also, schematics
and articles related to effect pedals.



---

[simple-electronics.com](http://www.simple-electronics.com/2011/09/fading-led.html)

---

![Favicon](https://ssl.gstatic.com/atari/images/public/favicon.ico) [uzzors2k - 555timertester](https://sites.google.com/site/uzzors2k/555timertester)

---

## Errors

- Error processing https://www.binoidcbd.com/collections/thco-products: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing https://coastalhemp.co/products/purple-punch-premium-hhc-disposable: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.thehondapartsstore.com/?gclid=CNfbq4aYsIYCFQ-gNAodgjeDBw: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.thehondapartsstore.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /?gclid=CNfbq4aYsIYCFQ-gNAodgjeDBw (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FF2793D0>, 'Connection to www.thehondapartsstore.com timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/index.htm: Request failed with exception: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.skepticsannotatedbible.com', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: /index.htm (Caused by SSLError(SSLCertVerificationError("hostname 'www.skepticsannotatedbible.com' doesn't match 'skepticsannotatedbible.com'")))
- Error processing http://www.planet-source-code.com/vb/default.asp?lngWId=1: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.planet-source-code.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /vb/default.asp?lngWId=1 (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FFA72DF0>, 'Connection to www.planet-source-code.com timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://www.faceinhole.com/browse.asp?category=1: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://blog.modernmechanix.com/covers/: Request failed with status code 500
- Error processing http://www.desktopblues.lichtlabor.ch/: Request failed with exception: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.desktopblues.lichtlabor.ch', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by SSLError(SSLCertVerificationError("hostname 'www.desktopblues.lichtlabor.ch' doesn't match either of '*.kreativmedia.ch', 'kreativmedia.ch'")))
- Error processing http://www.cramster.com/my-cramster/: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.cramster.com/my-cramster/index.aspx: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/digital-storage-oscilloscope-with-panels-p-167.html: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.faceinhole.com/browse.asp?category=1: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.thehondapartsstore.com/?gclid=CNfbq4aYsIYCFQ-gNAodgjeDBw: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.thehondapartsstore.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /?gclid=CNfbq4aYsIYCFQ-gNAodgjeDBw (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FF88C370>, 'Connection to www.thehondapartsstore.com timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://www.southparklol.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.southparklol.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FEF38A90>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.spinmaster.com/products/airHogsNew/index.html: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.allcaredent.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.allcaredent.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FEEFD250>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.aomfiles.com/sort.files?cat=1636&ref=0: ('Connection aborted.', RemoteDisconnected('Remote end closed connection without response'))
- Error processing http://www.bestdownload.com/: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.brainbench.com/xml/bb/mybrainbench/mybrainbench.xml: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.brainbench.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /xml/bb/mybrainbench/mybrainbench.xml (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FEFD5520>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://butler.bestredyp.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='butler.bestredyp.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FEFD5B20>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.cafepress.com/cp/customize/?id=39: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.careerlab.com/letters/: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://sharereactor.com/category.php?id=4: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.comedycentral.com/mobile/ringtones/south_park/index.jhtml: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.chemie.fu-berlin.de/chemistry/general/units_en.html#temp: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://pittsburgh.craigslist.org/: ('Connection aborted.', ConnectionResetError(10054, 'An existing connection was forcibly closed by the remote host', None, 10054, None))
- Error processing http://www.eidosinteractive.com/games/embed.html?gmid=152: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.filefront.com/: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://play.games.com/playgames/home.jsp?PRODUCT%3C%3Eprd_id=2589&FOLDER%3C%3Efolder_id=2549&ASSORTMENT%3C%3East_id=3663&bmUID=976495507592: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://db.gamefaqs.com/console/ps2/file/hitman_2_silent_assassin.txt: Request failed with status code 500
- Error processing http://www.dvdsoft.net/: ('Connection aborted.', RemoteDisconnected('Remote end closed connection without response'))
- Error processing https://www.econsumer.equifax.com/webapp/ConsumerProducts/pgMemberProfile: ('Connection aborted.', ConnectionResetError(10054, 'An existing connection was forcibly closed by the remote host', None, 10054, None))
- Error processing http://www.lindows.com/lindows_news_news.php: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.motox.info/showthread.php?t=1297: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.access-developer.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.access-developer.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FF2930A0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11002] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.mypccenter.com/Summary.asp: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.mypccenter.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /Summary.asp (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x000001978002A610>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.netstupidity.com/: ('Connection aborted.', RemoteDisconnected('Remote end closed connection without response'))
- Error processing http://www.overstock.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.overstock.com', port=80): Read timed out. (read timeout=10)
- Error processing https://www.networksolutions.com/cgi-bin/whois/whois?STRING=pgcinc.com&SearchType=do: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.softnews.ro/: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.sharereactor.com/category/4/software/: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://javascript.internet.com/miscellaneous/born-weekday.html: HTTPConnectionPool(host='javascript.internet.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /miscellaneous/born-weekday.html (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FF43A1F0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.sierra.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.sierra.com', port=80): Read timed out. (read timeout=10)
- Error processing http://www.vistasp1.net/forums/: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.planetsourcecode.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.planetsourcecode.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FEF497F0>, 'Connection to www.planetsourcecode.com timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://www.planet-source-code.com/vb/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.planet-source-code.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /vb/ (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FEF2F8B0>, 'Connection to www.planet-source-code.com timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://www.winmatrix.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.winmatrix.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x0000019780220D30>, 'Connection to www.winmatrix.com timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://www.winxpnews.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.winxpnews.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x0000019780216580>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://members.members-here.com/xmag/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='members.members-here.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /xmag/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x0000019780216670>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.bestdownload.com/index.php: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.cafepress.com/cp/customize/?id=39: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.filefront.com/: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.sharereactor.com/category/4/software/: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.fixmyvista.com/: ('Connection aborted.', RemoteDisconnected('Remote end closed connection without response'))
- Error processing http://www.informationleak.com/: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://openwrt.org/: Request failed with exception: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='openwrt.org', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=10)
- Error processing http://www.globalcomputer.com/applications/category/category_slc.asp?Recs=10&Nav=%7Cc:1558%7C&Sort=3: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.globalcomputer.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /applications/category/category_slc.asp?Recs=10&Nav=%7Cc:1558%7C&Sort=3 (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FEE05D30>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.alotofthings.com/viartshop/article.php?article_id=492: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www3.telus.net/_/replacer/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www3.telus.net', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /_/replacer/ (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FEFD5460>, 'Connection to www3.telus.net timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://www.shoppinglist.com/?_from=b%3dgoto1: Request failed with status code 400
- Error processing http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/index.htm: Request failed with exception: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.skepticsannotatedbible.com', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: /index.htm (Caused by SSLError(SSLCertVerificationError("hostname 'www.skepticsannotatedbible.com' doesn't match 'skepticsannotatedbible.com'")))
- Error processing http://www.videonewswire.com/event.asp?id=50659: Request failed with status code 500
- Error processing http://www.songfacts.com/search_fact.php?combinedartists=glenn+hgughes&-Search.x=0&-Search.y=0: ('Connection aborted.', ConnectionResetError(10054, 'An existing connection was forcibly closed by the remote host', None, 10054, None))
- Error processing http://www.ecampus.com/textbookpage.asp: Request failed with exception: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.ecampus.com', port=80): Read timed out. (read timeout=10)
- Error processing http://www.onealclan.com/: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.ryobi-sol.co.jp/visolve/en/toolbar.html: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.planet-source-code.com/vb/default.asp?lngWId=1: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.planet-source-code.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /vb/default.asp?lngWId=1 (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FED7F310>, 'Connection to www.planet-source-code.com timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://walmart.triaddigital.com/Free-Samples.aspx: HTTPConnectionPool(host='walmart.triaddigital.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /Free-Samples.aspx (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FFA62730>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11002] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.microsoft.com/isapi/redir.dll?prd=windows&sbp=mediaplayer&plcid=&pver=5.2&os=&over=&olcid=&clcid=&ar=Media&sba=Showcase&o1=&o2=&o3=: Request failed with exception: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.microsoft.com', port=80): Read timed out. (read timeout=10)
- Error processing http://www.zam.com/index.html: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.wxpnews.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.wxpnews.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FF9F5490>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://photosynth.net/create.aspx: HTTPConnectionPool(host='photosynth.net', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /create.aspx (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FF9FB3D0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11002] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.microsoft.com/communities/newsgroups/en-us/default.aspx?query=xml&dg=microsoft.public.access.externaldata&cat=en-us-msdn-officedev-access&lang=en&cr=US&pt=327f343d-f0d6-4e07-aa53-9656edb98ada&catlist=B7714BAA-0D60-40B0-A226-8B9CF33299A5%2C774F24A2-F71F-425F-AC2B-DC48AB0DA5C9&dglist=&ptlist=&exp=&sloc=en-us: Request failed with exception: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.microsoft.com', port=80): Read timed out. (read timeout=10)
- Error processing http://www.ecampus.com/buy-textbooks.asp: Request failed with exception: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.ecampus.com', port=80): Read timed out. (read timeout=10)
- Error processing http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/index.htm: Request failed with exception: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.skepticsannotatedbible.com', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: /index.htm (Caused by SSLError(SSLCertVerificationError("hostname 'www.skepticsannotatedbible.com' doesn't match 'skepticsannotatedbible.com'")))
- Error processing http://www.cramster.com/my-cramster/index.aspx: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/digital-storage-oscilloscope-with-panels-p-167.html: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.faceinhole.com/browse.asp?category=1: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/index.htm: Request failed with exception: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.skepticsannotatedbible.com', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: /index.htm (Caused by SSLError(SSLCertVerificationError("hostname 'www.skepticsannotatedbible.com' doesn't match 'skepticsannotatedbible.com'")))
- Error processing http://www.southparklol.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.southparklol.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FF196400>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11002] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.cramster.com/my-cramster/: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing https://www.ussearch.com/consumer/ala/addupgrade.do: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://geckocodes.org/index.php?c=RSNE69: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.vh1.com/shows/that_metal_show/series.jhtml: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://lmgtfy.com/: Request failed with exception: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='lmgtfy.app', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by SSLError(SSLCertVerificationError(1, '[SSL: CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED] certificate verify failed: certificate has expired (_ssl.c:1122)')))
- Error processing http://www.realtor.com/property-detail/205-Maple-Ave_Butler_PA_16001_bfa90507?source=ig: Request failed with status code 410
- Error processing http://www.movie2k.to/The-FBI-Files-watch-tvshow-134939.html: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.oddcast.com/home/demos/tts/tts_example.php: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.compesa.com/apps/site/files/p4480_operating_manual.pdf: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://didimatic.com/forum/index.php?topic=217.0: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://itp.nyu.edu/physcomp/Tutorials/HighCurrentLoads: Request failed with exception: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='itp.nyu.edu', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: /physcomp/Tutorials/HighCurrentLoads (Caused by SSLError(SSLCertVerificationError(1, '[SSL: CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED] certificate verify failed: unable to get local issuer certificate (_ssl.c:1122)')))
- Error processing http://www.winmatrix.com/forums/index.php?/topic/32981-mitini-siri-for-windows/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.winmatrix.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /forums/index.php?/topic/32981-mitini-siri-for-windows/ (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x0000019781589160>, 'Connection to www.winmatrix.com timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://www.americanspinal.com/spinal-decompression/pennsylvania/pittsburgh-spinal-decompression/view-details.html: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing http://www.photoshop.com/home: Request failed with exception: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.adobe.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=10)
- Error processing http://youshouldtits.com/: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.cramster.com/my-cramster/index.aspx: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/digital-storage-oscilloscope-with-panels-p-167.html: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.southparklol.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.southparklol.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FF17A910>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11002] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.cramster.com/my-cramster/index.aspx: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/index.htm: Request failed with exception: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.skepticsannotatedbible.com', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: /index.htm (Caused by SSLError(SSLCertVerificationError("hostname 'www.skepticsannotatedbible.com' doesn't match 'skepticsannotatedbible.com'")))
- Error processing http://www.learnerstv.com/lectures.php?course=ltv024&cat=Engineering&page=1: ('Connection aborted.', RemoteDisconnected('Remote end closed connection without response'))
- Error processing http://www.makezine.com/blog/archive/science/index.html: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://people.clarkson.edu/~svoboda/eta/Circuit_Design_Lab/circuit_design_lab.html: Request failed with exception: HTTPConnectionPool(host='people.clarkson.edu', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /~svoboda/eta/Circuit_Design_Lab/circuit_design_lab.html (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FFA0A9A0>, 'Connection to people.clarkson.edu timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://williamson-labs.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='williamson-labs.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x000001978022CB80>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://orca.st.usm.edu/~jmneal/dual_psu/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='orca.st.usm.edu', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /~jmneal/dual_psu/ (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FF593370>, 'Connection to orca.st.usm.edu timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://mail01.mail.com/scripts/common/login_home.cgi?a=8f98139853a8036ef8781652b9e5c56d4b52637d8d46b584646b4f4ca94148397511c938e6039d836c7df6c568159bc58fafda4fa513468713bc904099c4374ca3c34bb4926ccf480888ef0f920f99d8d6560946edfa6a: HTTPConnectionPool(host='mail01.mail.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /scripts/common/login_home.cgi?a=8f98139853a8036ef8781652b9e5c56d4b52637d8d46b584646b4f4ca94148397511c938e6039d836c7df6c568159bc58fafda4fa513468713bc904099c4374ca3c34bb4926ccf480888ef0f920f99d8d6560946edfa6a (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FFA0AB50>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.fearofphysics.com/Probs/Forces_and_Newton%27s_Law.html: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.fearofphysics.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /Probs/Forces_and_Newton%27s_Law.html (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197FF703130>, 'Connection to www.fearofphysics.com timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://www.fearofphysics.com/Probs/Forces_and_Newton%27s_Law.html: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.fearofphysics.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /Probs/Forces_and_Newton%27s_Law.html (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x0000019787AA6BE0>, 'Connection to www.fearofphysics.com timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://www.makezine.com/blog/archive/science/index.html: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://people.clarkson.edu/~jsvoboda/eta/Circuit_Design_Lab/circuit_design_lab.html: Request failed with exception: HTTPConnectionPool(host='people.clarkson.edu', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: /~jsvoboda/eta/Circuit_Design_Lab/circuit_design_lab.html (Caused by ConnectTimeoutError(<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x00000197824A5D00>, 'Connection to people.clarkson.edu timed out. (connect timeout=10)'))
- Error processing http://www.eleccircuit.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/07/dc-to-ac-inverter-by-ic-555-and-tip41-tip42.gif: Request failed with status code 404
- Error processing https://www.examcompass.com/comptia-a-plus-practice-test-1-exam-220-901: ('Connection aborted.', RemoteDisconnected('Remote end closed connection without response'))
- Error processing http://www.studiomultitracks.com/: ('Connection aborted.', RemoteDisconnected('Remote end closed connection without response'))
- Error processing https://justcause3mods.com/mods/lingon-24-trainer-updated-august-10th-2016/: ('Connection aborted.', RemoteDisconnected('Remote end closed connection without response'))
- Error processing https://www.canva.com/design/DACjvdp68LM/43LowDnfXo5bFEndekYwAw/edit: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing https://www.wscgeorgia.org/vosnet/dashboards/default.aspx?menuid=MENU_START_PAGE_DASHBOARD&qlink=1: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.wscgeorgia.org', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: /vosnet/dashboards/default.aspx?menuid=MENU_START_PAGE_DASHBOARD&qlink=1 (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPSConnection object at 0x00000197FFBF6AC0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11002] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing https://www.thecreativecoast.org/job-board/: Request failed with status code 403
- Error processing http://kamilslab.com/2017/04/01/how-to-setup-a-raspberry-pi-plex-server/: ('Connection aborted.', RemoteDisconnected('Remote end closed connection without response'))
- Error processing https://pchelp.ricmedia.com/build-alexapi-with-amazon-alexa-raspberry-pi/3/: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='pchelp.ricmedia.com', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: /build-alexapi-with-amazon-alexa-raspberry-pi/3/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPSConnection object at 0x0000019787AAE490>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11001] getaddrinfo failed'))
- Error processing http://www.accuweather.com/m/default.aspx?p=htcand&loc: Request failed with exception: HTTPConnectionPool(host='www.accuweather.com', port=80): Read timed out. (read timeout=10)
- Error processing http://touch.facebook.com/: HTTPConnectionPool(host='touch.facebook.com', port=80): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x0000019786803550>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 11002] getaddrinfo failed'))
